https://codepen.io/rainofmadness/pen/VwYYPVG?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely to define its presentation or look.

    2. What is HTML used for?
 Hypertext Markup Language, a standardized system for tagging text files to achieve font, color, graphic, and hyperlink effects on World Wide Web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
HTML attributes are a modifier of an HTML element type.  In HTML syntax, an attribute is added to an HTML start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
the <h1> tag in HTML, will usually be the title of a post, or other emphasized text on the page. On average you should use an <h1> tag once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Two tags that require attributes are title and h2.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The <head> element is a container for all the head elements can include a title for the document, scripts, styles, meta information, and more.

    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element 
 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add id to any element in HTML. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? You can only use id once per page.

    10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? You can add any elements to class.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? You can use class for however many elements are assigned to it.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?  Just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? the HTML attribute used in HTML and XHTML documents to specify alternative text (alt text) that is to be rendered when the element to which it is applied cannot be rendered.

    15. How do I reference an id? You reference id with #'id tag'. 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document.

    17. What is CSS used for? Cascading style sheets are used to format the layout of Web pages.

    18. How to we select an element? we select an element by typing in the plain element tag in the selector slot.
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? A class is a group of elements and id is a single unique element. You would use class to group specific elements up then you'd use id to further pinpoint elements within the class.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? You select classes in CSS using .'classname'.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? You select a p element with a class of "human", by using "p.human".

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. It allows you use choose a span element within a div element for example.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? The selector would be "div a.sidebar."

    24. What is a pseudo selector?a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected elements.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? You would use the line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? You would use the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? To change transform text we would use the text-transform property.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? You would use the command 'border: 1px dotted black;'

    29. How do I select everything on the page? You select everything on the page using * the universal selector.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? You write a comment in css by using /* and end it with */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? To find out what file you are in on command line you would enter the command pwd.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? To see the list of files in your current folder you would use command ls.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? to remove a file in command line you would use command rm. You must use caution because rm permanently removes files without prompt or the ability to take it back.

    34. Why should I use version control? Version control systems keep track of every change to a file over time so early versions can be restored and are used by software teams for source code.

    35. How often should I commit to github? You should commit to github every time a change to your files must be submitted to the main branch of a project.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? We use the command git push to push to repo.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. First, you access the lambda github project. Second, you fork/clone the github repo into your own repo and add your TL as a collaborator. Third, access the dir/file that was cloned into your command line. Fourth, you create a branch for all the work you'll be commiting to your command line. Fifth, git add/commit all changes that are made to your branch in the command line. Sixth, push use git push to push all your committed changes from your command line onto your github repo. Lastly, create a pull request and add your TL to the reviewer section to sumbit a git pull.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 